Conditions for installing the OCS operator via UI (#4447)
red-hat-storage/ocs-ci: docs/usage.md

#### Deployment via UI

To enable UI deployment please pass `--ocsci-conf conf/ocsci/ui_deployment.yaml`

> In addition, the function `ui_deployment_conditions` checks if the cluster type is supported for installation via UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, the function `ui_deployment_conditions` checks if the deployment type, OCP/OCP version or platform is supported for installation via UI, and if not it will back off and deploy via OCS via CLI.
```
